Mark is an Outsider, and is marked as the Evil Twin's good twin. The
Fang Gu attempts to kill Mark, but instead dies, and makes Mark an evil
Fang Gu. Mark is now also an evil good twin, and evil wins if he is
executed.


There is a Vortox in play, and the Snake Charmer picks the Flowergirl.
The Snake Charmer is put back to sleep, and nothing happens.


The Pit-Hag creates a good Demon, and the Storyteller kills the old
Demon that night. The game continues, since a Demon is still alive.


The Pit-Hag creates a Demon, and the Storyteller lets the old Demon
live. The village executes one of the Demons. The game continues, since
a Demon is still alive.


The Snake Charmer is drunk, and chooses a player that is not a Demon.
The Snake Charmer is shown that they are now the Vortox, but no changes
are made to the Grimoire. They do not get to act as the Demon that
night, and are awoken the following night as the Snake Charmer.


The Snake Charmer is drunk, and chooses the Demon. They are immediately
put back to sleep.


Amy is a Townsfolk, and starts the game sitting next to the No Dashii.
She is then turned into an Outsider by the Pit-Hag. She is still
poisoned by the No Dashii's ability, because she was poisoned at the
start of the game.


A Pit-Hag turns an alive player into the No Dashii. That player's
nearest Townsfolk (whether alive or dead) are immediately poisoned.


The Dreamer dies by execution. That night, the Pit-Hag attempts to make
a Dreamer. Nothing happens, since the Dreamer is still in play.


The Barber is killed, and a Demon swaps the living No Dashii to another
alive player. The Townsfolk neighboring the No Dashii's original
location remain poisoned, and the new neighbors are not poisoned, since
the No Dashii did not start the game anew.


The Barber is killed, and a Demon swaps the dead No Dashii to another
alive player. The nearest Townsfolk neighbors of the now-alive No Dashii
are immediately poisoned.


A Philosopher chooses to become the Artist. The Pit-Hag attempts to make
a Philosopher, but nothing happens since the Philosopher is still in
play.


The Pit-Hag turns a player into a Clockmaker. The Clockmaker immediately
learns how far the Demon is from the nearest Minion.


The Dreamer chooses a Savant that has been turned evil by the Skinkulus.
They are shown the Savant and the Evil Twin, since the Dreamer learns
one good and one evil character.


A Barber dies, and the Demon swaps the Evil Twin and their twin. A new
good twin is chosen for the new Evil Twin, and the previous association
is no longer in effect.


A good Evil Twin is in play. The Demon is executed, and the game
continues, since good cannot win. The Barber swaps the Evil Twin and the
Dreamer. The game continues since there is still an Evil Twin in play.


A Pit-Hag has created a second Demon, and the Barber dies. The
Storyteller lets the evil Demon choose what swap is made.


A good Fang Gu targets the Barber. The Fang Gu dies, and the Barber
becomes an evil Fang Gu; their Barber ability does not trigger.


A Pit-Hag makes a Demon, and the Storyteller chooses that the Barber
dies. The newly made Demon chooses two players to swap.


Beth is drunk following the death of the Sweetheart. The Barber dies,
and the Demon swaps Beth and Joe. Beth is still drunk.
