Ben is about to be executed with seven votes. Mina nominates Beth, who
is dead, for execution. Votes for Beth are tallied, and she also
receives seven votes. No-one dies that day.


The Poisoner poisons themselves. The following night, the Poisoner acts
again, and their ability functions normally.


The Slayer is poisoned, and uses their ability to kill the Demon. The
Demon does not die. The Slayer may not use their ability again as it is
only usable once per game.


The Virgin is poisoned, and is nominated by a Townsfolk. The Townsfolk
does not die. The following day, the Virgin is no longer poisoned, and
is nominated by a Townsfolk again. The nominator does not die, since the
Virgin's once-per-game ability has been used.


On the 1st night, the Storyteller wakes up the Recluse with the other
Minions, since the Recluse may register as a Minion.


The Imp kills themselves at night. The Storyteller makes the Recluse the
new Imp.


The Spy is nominated. The Storyteller chooses that the Spy registers as
a Virgin, but the nominator does not die, since the Spy does not gain
the mirrored character's ability.


The Imp kills themselves while both of their Minions are alive. The
Storyteller makes the Scarlet Woman the Imp, since the Scarlet Woman
becomes the Imp when the Imp dies.


A Scarlet Woman and a Recluse is in play. The Imp kills themselves. The
Storyteller makes the Scarlet Woman the Imp, since the Recluse does not
have the Scarlet Woman's ability.


The Washerwoman nominates the Spy. The Storyteller chooses that the Spy
registers as the Virgin, but the Washerwoman does not die since the Spy
does not gain the ability of a character it registers as.


The Mayor, the Slayer, and the Imp are alive on the last night. The Imp
targets the Mayor. The Storyteller must end the game; they cannot
redirect the Demon's attack to a dead player, since the Mayor requires
that another play dies instead.


The Grandmother is made drunk by the Sailor. That night, the Demon kills
the Grandchild. The Grandmother does not die, as their ability is
malfunctioning.


Mike is killed by the No Dashii at night. Later that night, the
Chambermaid points to Mike. The Storyteller shakes their head, as the
Chambermaid must choose an alive player.


Tommi was killed by the Shabaloth last night. Tonight, they are
regurgitated. The Professor then points to Tommi. The Storyteller shakes
their head, as the Professor must choose a dead player.
